Add Default Single Cluster Installation Guide (#224)
openchoreo/openchoreo: docs/install-guide.md

# OpenChoreo Installation

This guide walks you through installing and setting up OpenChoreo on a single Kubernetes cluster using kind. 
The *Control Plane* and *Data Plane* components will run on the same cluster. This is ideal for local development or trying out OpenChoreo quickly.

> You'll start by creating a compatible Kubernetes cluster with Cilium, install OpenChoreo using CP and DP Helm charts, and set up the choreoctl CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll start by creating a compatible Kubernetes cluster with Cilium as the CNI. Then, install OpenChoreo using the Control Plane (CP) and Data Plane (DP) Helm charts, and configure the `choreoctl` CLI tool..
```

> Additionally, the guide provides options to expose the OpenChoreo external gateway service to your host machine, enabling seamless access to the components you create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the guide provides options to expose the OpenChoreo external gateway service to your host machine, enabling seamless access to the components you deploy in OpenChoreo.
```

> If you don't have a compatible kubernetes cluster, you can create one of following in your local machine and start testing.

Reviewer: since we removed the topic ## Create Compatible Kubernetes Clusters, I think we don't need this sentence. At this point user knows he is going to create a new kubernetes cluster, as we mentioned in line 8
